hey it's Josh over at JH today we're
taking a look at the Z bass the x2 20 RB
this is the the bailed model but what's
different about this is maybe than
already tell us that the handle is on
the right side so Z bass recently
released all of their reels in lefty
which is what we call was what we call
it when you reel a spinning reel with
your right hand tool awkward for me I
reel with my left hand on spinning girls
but you know this is for the guys who
grew up with baitcasting reels and there
so you see baitcasting reels and now
they're doing some either surf fishing
or some offshore fishing and they don't
want to do a lefty it's a little awkward
for them so if you are more if you buy
should routine I should say if you reel
with your right hand and you're looking
for a high end spinning wheel something
that's fully sealed puts out a lot of
drag you know this one puts out 25
pounds of drag this is equivalent so
it's like a vs 150 avanced all 150 fully
sealed seal drag sealed body really nice
holds 350 yards of 10 pound test model
it's got the bail which is a you know
manual pickup you can see there you have
to flip it over and 16.9 ounces so it's
nice and light it's got the all-metal
old metal body movement body and the 29
inches of of line pervert Reve on this
reel you know z-best makes a really
great product mid all their parts now
are made in the United States and they
used to be made in China but now
everything's made in the United States
it's got this really nice oversized
offset handle with a really comfortable
ball which is different than what's on
the non bail version this is more I
think it's ordered a boat really no
spinning reel from boat if you do want
any light offshore fishing but there's
no reason why couldn't use it from the
from the surf so again if you're looking
for a really high-end really awesome
spinning reel expensive about nine
hundred and twenty nine dollars for this
reel
made in the United States a really great
a really great quality and they're
available in and silver and black and
again they come in left-handed so if
you're real spending row with your right
hand
and you look it for that high-end
spinning reel definitely take a look at
the sea bass ZX 220 RB and it's
available from JH calm